Add onInstall and onUpdate to snaps-jest (#2849)
MetaMask/snaps: packages/examples/README.md

them as a starting point for their own snaps.

Each snap (if applicable) should have end-to-end tests that test the snap's

> functionality. The tests should be located in the `src/index.test.tsx` file, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functionality. The tests should be located in the `src/index.test.ts(x)` file, and
```
